# OSGeo Nepal General Meeting - March 07, 2025

March 7, 2025



**Facilitator:** Manish Bam



**Note Taking Volunteer:** Pratichhya Sharma

****

**Attendees:** 13

****

**Recap from previous meeting:**

- ****

- ****

- ****

- ****

- ****

- ****

****

**Agendas:**

**** ****

- **** Encouragement for meeting:

- Maybe in an open mic, present a 15-minute session: Lalit will present on elements of a map

- Modify the agenda and further discuss: Pratixa.

- Single mail reminder limit: Facilitator can remind everyone with single mail



To be announced in mail about the specific topic and open mic priority in mail. Reminder mail to be minimized.



- Buffer agreed by Tek too. Fb does not accept. 3 social media for free with 30/so posts. Fb, linkedin: Request support for Dibikxya; char limit



**-** Contacting Dibikshya Shrestha about status update.



- Discussion of schema with data access. Kshitij. : https://github.com/iamtekson/awesome-geospatial-data-sources

- https://github.com/osgeonepal/Databank/issues/8 (maybe further discussion): low priority.

- Document the list of items to be populated and updated.

- Select area of interest, building and few other categories.

- Create attribute list in the yml file.

- Kshitiz will give the input this week.

- Shared by Nishon: https://github.com/konishon/nepal-earthquake-epicenter-data

- Should executes weekly

- Volunteer: Kshitiz; Manish, Lalit(Tentatively), Nishon(co-ordinate)



- General presentation for Osgeo Nepal: Pratichhya



- Introduction to Osgeo Nepal: Template

- https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1gMjoh_QBF0agTn6kPHLrnT0MlemVomwT63C3X7mKmLk/edit#slide=id.g2423dac2e4a_1_0



- Pratichhya: Yet to do. Haven’t done.



- Nalina suggests a presentation of OSGeo Nepal in KU. She will present. The date is not fixed yet.

- Nalina? Follow up by pratichhya

- Babita also will be presenting the concept of OSGeo Nepal.

- Babita? Follow up by pratichhya

- Stickers or badge discussion in next meeting.

- Discuss later (low priority)

- Pratichhya takes responsibility for updating the https://osgeonepal.github.io/Meetings/meeting_2024-12-06/ but needs to decide.

- Changes migrated

- Do we want to migration each time:

- Should not: Tek, Lalit,

- Should keep: Kshitiz;

- So we will maintain only in a single place: in markdown itself.

- Pratichhya: Will create draft pr

- Lalit discussed with Sushma on SEO.

- Lalit reached out and will follow up by next meeting

****

****

****

**Open mic:**

****

- **Next session: Updating Rolling doc directly through markdown (Pratichhy**

- **FOSS4G Asia accepted to be conducted in India**

- **Tek: Will present his**

****

****

**Events & Opportunities:**

****

- LPS25: Tutorial, demonstration and hands-on session

- AGIT

- Postgsreql Conference this month

- ****

- ****

- ****

- ****

****

****

****

**Meeting notes and Action items:**

****

- ****

- ****

- ****

- ****

- ****

- ****

- ****

- ****

****

****

**Next Month's Facilitator:** Manish Bam X Lalit BC

****

**Discussions & Questions:**

****

****

****

****

****

****

Feb 7, 2025

**Facilitator: Pratichhya Sharma**

**Note Taking volunteer:**

**Attendees: 9**



**Recap from the previous meeting:**

- Welcomed student representatives (SR): WRC: Manish Bam KU: Nalina Maharjan PU: Babita Khanal

- Remaining T-Shirt Distribution: Adesh Regmi

- Responsibility and guidance intro  for SR: Kshitij

- SR did a presentation in Hackfect organised by GESAN. Manish presented Osgeonepal on our behalf

- Outreach platforms: Buffer as a better solution suggested by Dibikshya



****

Agendas :

- Announcement post of SR: status?: poste

- General presentation for Osgeo Nepal? Context specific?:

- Next action with regards to Buffer?

- Is Dibikshya provided access to all social media?

- Jason: Event info: Looking for the volunteers: Anyone interested? status?

- AWS Data inventory: Sentinel-2 Cloud-Optimized GeoTIFFs - Registry of Open Data on AWS. Status Kshitij?

- Manish organised a data access and management meeting. A quick overview by Kshitij or Manish? Way forward?

- Nalina, was the data access volunteer for the same task?

- SR anyone wants to present on any idea they might have for their uni?

- WRC(Manish)

- KU(Nalina)

- PU(Babita)



Open Mic:

- FOSDEM25



Events & Opportunity :

- https://www.scipy2025.scipy.org/ : Financial aid deadline: March 25th; Call for Proposals: Feb 26th



**Meeting notes and action items:**

- Encouragement for meeting:

- Maybe in an open mic, present a 15-minute session: Lalit will present on elements of a map

- Modify the agenda and further discuss: Pratixa.

- Single mail reminder limit: Facilitator can remind everyone with single mail

- Buffer agreed by Tek too. Fb does not accept. 3 social media for free with 30/so posts. Fb, linkedin: Request support for Dibikxya; char limit

- Discussion of schema with data access. Kshitij. : https://github.com/iamtekson/awesome-geospatial-data-sources

- https://github.com/osgeonepal/Databank/issues/8 (maybe further discussion): low priority.

- General presentation for Osgeo Nepal: Pratichhya

- https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1UwNDVpB8WdTMC8CVjzWeeAb5GojQZad6uykrn0RN4GA/edit#slide=id.p

- Introduction to Osgeo Nepal: Template

- https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/1gMjoh_QBF0agTn6kPHLrnT0MlemVomwT63C3X7mKmLk/edit#slide=id.g2423dac2e4a_1_0

- Nalina suggests a presentation of OSGeo Nepal in KU. She will present. The date is not fixed yet.

- Babita also will be presenting the concept of OSGeo Nepal.

- Stickers or badge discussion in next meeting.

- Pratichhya takes responsibility for updating the https://osgeonepal.github.io/Meetings/meeting_2024-12-06/ but needs to decide.

- Lalit discussed with Sushma on SEO.



**Next month's facilitator** :  Manish



**Discussion & Questions:**

****

Jan 3, 2025

**Facilitator: Dibikshya Shrestha**

**Note Taking volunteer: Kshitij Raj Sharma**

**Attendees: 15**



**Recap from the previous meeting:**





****

Agendas :

- Welcome student representatives , Brief introduction and welcome



- Remaining T-Shirt Distribution - 	Aadesh Regmi

- GESAN Event we supported : Quick recap (Hackfest and)

- Presentation by student representative in the event

- Responsibility and guidance intro  for student representative : Kshitij

- We are targeting at least one physical meetup this year in 2025 , physical would be at one of the universities you are in ( Most likely )

- https://osgeonepal.github.io/Roles%20and%20Responsibilties/roles_and_responsibiltiy/#campus-representative



Open Mic:

- Indian foss4g community is bidding for the upcoming foss4g Asia , we should help and target for the next bidding possibly ?

- AWS Sentinel COG API

- Open Source Story Maps



Events & Opportunity :

- https://bit.ly/SOTMUS2025scholarships

- https://www.scipy2025.scipy.org/

- https://fosdem.org/2025/

- https://lps25.esa.int/

- https://www.egu25.eu/



**Meeting notes and action items:**



- **WRC** : Manish Bam **KU** : Nalina Maharjan **PU** : Babita Khanal

- Manish, Nalina volunteered for the data access meeting coordination

- Manish Bam :  WRC , Third year

- Nalina : Geomatics engineering , KU, Final Year

- Babta Khanal : Purbanchal Khanal - GIT , 7th semester Geomatics engineering

- Roles and responsibility : https://osgeonepal.github.io/Roles%20and%20Responsibilties/roles_and_responsibiltiy/#campus-representative

- General presentation for OSGeo Nepal introduction  : Pratikschya didi

- Social Media Access : Buffer is good so far , check on pricing : Dibikshya

- Kshitij : Check with Tek for social media access give to Dibikshcya

- Babita : Medium size , Nalina : Medium size , → T Shirt size , Manish : 4XL size

- The GESAN event was successful. We supported the hackfest ! Manish presented osgeonepal on our behalf

- Jasan : Event info : reference video https://youtu.be/tJS8522sepE , Google form is on the video description , Looking for the volunteers : Anyone interested

- Bridge point between university and osgeo

- https://storymap.knightlab.com/, https://github.com/digidem/maplibre-storymap Open source alternatives of story map

- AWS Data inventory : Sentinel-2 Cloud-Optimized GeoTIFFs - Registry of Open Data on AWS

- Nalima can volunteer in the data access too



**Next month's facilitator** : Pratikchya Sharma



**Discussion & Questions:**





Dec 6, 2024

**Facilitator: Aayush Chand**

**Note Taking volunteer: Dibikshya Shrestha**

**Attendees: 12**



**Recap from the previous meeting:**

- Discussed about Campus representative form selection by evaluation committee

- Discussed about Data access group meeting

- Collaboration with Open Knowledge Nepal: postponed until we have some data: Suraj

- Discussed about collaboration with KUCC and about Field mapping event, new text channel in discord.

- Discussed about the poll for the new monthly meeting time. Poll created by Tek



****

Agendas :

- Final monthly meetup of 2024 with new meeting day and time.

- Update on Student Representatives: Tek

- Update on GESAN’s Geospatial Meet and GeoTalk: Dibikshya

- OSM Hackfest as a pre-event of Geospatial Meet -2024 - Dibikshya

- Collaboration with Open Knowledge Nepal?: Suraj

- Data access WG meeting update- Tek/Kshitij

- OSGeo Nepal Yearly Updates on osgeo-agm -2024 : Kshitij





- Dataset update on HDX , Building and Road added , Up for the review : Kshitij

- Creating promotional video for osgeonepal that can be used in every presentation or when we represent osgeo Nepal in events , who we are , what we do, our pictures activity pictures and etc , similar to this : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5s_EGvb7a5E : Kshitij





Open Mic:

- Who is handling the email?



Events & Opportunity :

- https://bit.ly/SOTMUS2025scholarships

- https://www.scipy2025.scipy.org/

- https://fosdem.org/2025/

- https://lps25.esa.int/

- https://www.egu25.eu/



**Meeting notes and action items:**

****

- Tek, Kshitij and Aadesh served as judges for Student representative and selected 3 students from 3 different campuses. Follow up to the selected representatives- Tek

- Contact to Aadesh for tshirt for selected student representatives - Pratikshya

- Mentorship for OSM Hackfest - Tek, Kshitij for now, need few more

- Collaboration with open knowledge Nepal- postponed for now

- Data access meeting postponed to next week

- Osgeo Nepal introduction video to be made which truly reflects OSGeo Nepal, can be used in various events and presentations- Aayush Chand

- Datasets on HDX update : building and road data added on HDX by Kshitij, more work to be done, details to be shared on next meeting by Kshitij

- Tryout buffer.com, metricool, metrix.com for social media management - Dibikshya



**Next month's facilitator** : Dibikshya Shrestha



**Discussion & Questions:**

- ****

****

Nov 6, 2024

**Facilitator: Suraj Thapa**

**Note Taking volunteer: Tek Kshetri**

**Attendees: 10+**



**Recap from the previous meeting:**

- Discussed some collaboration opportunities.

- Discussed about data capsule and publication in HDX



- Tshirt update: Contact Aadesh for 1st Batch Tshirt, second batch request is accepted here: (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wxX5PAYGGAxFxGpXHDaPsl5l03pnC0jLCeDYdbjgIuY/edit?usp=sharing ) - comment your name, address and tshirt size



- Roles and responsibility updated on website (https://osgeonepal.github.io/Roles%20and%20Responsibilties/roles_and_responsibiltiy/ )



****

Agendas :

- Campus representative update: Dibikshya and Aayush

- HDX successfully provided us with organization access : https://data.humdata.org/organization/osgeo-nepal , Volunteer needed for the data publication :  Kshitij , One dataset example that needs further review but for everyone to go through how it would look like : https://data.humdata.org/dataset/osgeonepal_npl_roads

- At least 1 week of volunteering will be required

- Schema finalization for the building and road datasets

- Review the existing published datasets

- Review Government available datasets ( Administrative boundary , Populations , no of households - ward wise and P Codes )

- Add Codes to all available datasets

- Prepare to upload at least buildings, Roads(without code) , populated places with p codes

- Decide on data access group with discussion of existing open knowledge nepal (Suraj) l , dataset in sight from Nishon ( Possibly next weekend ? )  ( Tek , Kshitij , Suraj , Shristi , Nishon atleast and interested all others , Kindly schedule meeting ASAP )

- Geoseries/GeoTalk with GESAN-related update: Dibikshya and Tek

- Potential collaboration with Open Knowledge Nepal? : Suraj

- Updates on collaboration with KUCC: Suraj

- GESAN collaboration for the event of national meet (annual event of club): Global team (Dibikshya)

- Should we change the meeting time to weekends?

- Communication WG - Gmail access and future posters and social media post - Varun



Open Mic:

- OSGeo Nepal mailing list?

- OSGeo profile

- Effective communication in OSGeo Nepal?? (currently very limited to Discord) - Suraj



Events & Opportunity :

- SOTM Asia - article call



**Meeting notes and action items:**

- Campus representative form selection by evaluation committee: Follow up by Tek

- Data access group meeting: Tek

- Collaboration with Open Knowledge Nepal: Maybe postponed until we have some data: Suraj

- GeoTalk, again follow up with Dibikshya: Tek

- Successfully collaborated with KUCC and looking forward to a panel discussion (10th November) and Field mapping (Potential speaker: ).

- Follow up in discord: Suraj

- Poll for new monthly meeting time: Tek

**Next month's facilitator** :

- Aayush Chand

**Discussion & Questions:**

****

Oct 02, 2024

**Facilitator: Shristi Paudel**

**Note Taking volunteer: Aayush**

**Attendees: 16**



**Recap from the previous meeting:**

- Facilitator (Aadesh)

- Discussions on Campus Representative; Data Capsule; GESAN Collaboration; Roles and Responsibility doc; Tshirts; OSGEO mailing list…

****

Agendas :

- Campus representative live this month : Update from Pratikschya

- Update on data capsule from HDX , Formation of active team to start integrating government datasets   : Update from Kshitij

- Potential collaboration with Open Knowledge Nepal? : Suraj

- T Shirts are available now , Recaps and notes for the second batch print : Update from aayush , aadesh and kshitij

- GESAN collaboration for the event of national meet : Global team (Dibikshya)

- Update on roles and responsibility : Kshitij

- OSGeo Nepal mailing list ?

- Should we resume geoseries now ? : Global

- Should we change the meeting timing to weekends ?

- Proposal for collaboration with KUCC: Suraj



Open Mic:

- Communication WG- Gmail access and future posters and social media post - Varun



Events & Opportunity :

- FOSS4G GLOBAL BRAZIL https://2024.foss4g.org

- Scholarships month



**Meeting notes and action items:**

- Campus representative form to be finalized and opened soon  - Dibikshya Shrestha to post on social media

- Updated data of dengue cases(MOHP) by Nishon in csv format…..  (For Data Capsule), more data to be added soon

- For data capsule from HDX- road, boundary data; government data in CSV/GeoJSON; making standardized data; collaboration with other platforms too for data publish

- Meeting with Open Knowledge Nepal to be held- Suraj

- Contact Aadesh for 1st Batch Tshirt, second batch request accepting here: (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1wxX5PAYGGAxFxGpXHDaPsl5l03pnC0jLCeDYdbjgIuY/edit?usp=sharing ) - comment your name, address and tshirt size

- GESAN event- still time

- Roles and Responsibilities Page is ready and published- Kshitij (https://osgeonepal.github.io/Roles%20and%20Responsibilties/roles_and_responsibiltiy/ )

- OSGeo Nepal mailing list? - next meeting

- Collaboration with GESAN for geo-talk, first event taking place soon (Tek)

- New timing for meeting to be decided using a form (Tek)

- Program KUCC (Kathmandu University, November) - (Webinar, Panel Discussion, Mapping event) - Guidance and collaboration with OSGeo, lead by Suraj



**Next month's facilitator** :

- Suraj Thapa

**Discussion & Questions:**





Sept 04, 2024

**Facilitator: Kshitij raj sharma**

**Note Taking volunteer: Aadesh**

**Attendees: 14**



**Recap from the previous meeting:**





****

Agendas :

- Follow Up on the campus representative idea

- Follow Up on the **data capsule**  to be released from osgeonepal

- Buildings

- Roads

- Place of interest ( Localizer )



- GESAN collaboration for the event of national meet

- Roles and responsibility discussion

- OSGeo Nepal mailing list ?  >> Next



Open Mic:

- H3 indexing with geospatial data : Kshitij



Events & Opportunity :

- FOSS4G Asia upcoming

- FOSS4G Global upcoming.

- SOTM Global happening this month

**Next month's facilitator** :

- Shristi di

**Discussion & Questions:**
