# OSGeo Nepal General Meeting - July 03, 2024

July 3, 2024

**Facilitator: Tek Kshetri**

**Note Taking volunteer: Pratichhya**

**Attendees: 17**



**Recap from the previous meeting:**

- Tek will follow up with members who are absent from the meeting today regarding previous meeting updates.

- Start with the data capsule group, contact Data Access Working Group: Kshitij

- Kshitij to update on the coding party date

- Someone to follow up posting form on social media: Pratichhya

- Need to follow up with Varun on t-shirt print: Kshitij

- Need to follow up with Aayush on sticker design: Suraj

- Lets collaborate with the GESAN for their event to make it national

- Prepare google form for student representative, figure out how to filter people and then announce the call (will have a meeting in discord to discuss)

- Create roles and responsibility .md and publish it to github.io

- Fix date and time with action item holder in discord for next meet to talk about two main issues: **student representative, data capsule**

- Fix jitsi technical problems



****

Agendas :



- Introduction to Women in Geospatial Nepal and its Vision - Susmina and Sushma

- Feedback and suggestions on how we can engage more people and how to make OSGeo Nepal vibrant. - Tek

- Current meeting minute

- Training and collaboration

- Meeting related issue

- Jisti Technical issue

- Calendar invitation-related issue

- Meeting time

- GitHub I/O page

- Who is monitoring new members? Need to create an updated database

- Student representative?

- Are you burnt out?

- Poster design

- Social media posting



Open Mic:



Events & Opportunity :

- https://2024.foss4g.org/

·

**Meeting notes and action items:**

Pratichhya follow up with Varun on Bit warden

Start with the data capsule group, contact Data Access Working Group: Kshitij

o   Shristi couldn’t attend due to unforeseen circumstances.

o   Follow up with in another meeting

·        Social media is actively handles by Dibikxya

·        T-shirt and Sticker

o   Action item:

§  Tek will follow in the Discord

·        Coding party

o   Action item:

§  Tek will follow up with Kshitiz on previous action, rolling doc solution and more activities

§  roles and responsibility .md and publish it to github.io

·        Form by Aadesh on gathering information

o   Action item:

§  Will publish in Discord and social channel; no publicly

§  Starting from today

·        GESAN event

o   Action item:

§  Sachin will follow up and let us know any updates that will be available

§  Currently, no fixed date is available

·        Student representative

o   Create a group of student representatives to kind of provide knowledge on what is OSGeo

o   Action item:

§  Pratichhya will create a meeting link to discuss further on this

§  Process on how to coordinate on this.

·        Feedback and solution on OSgeo(Pratichhya will follow up)

o   Why are we lacking active participation as in compared with the previous sessions.

o   Lalit: Maybe no one is attached to the organisation, so maybe we can go ahead with the membership

o   Tek: This is an open-source community, so we cannot force anyone with this. The team is very active.

o   Sushma: It was mostly due to the campaign.

o   Pratichhya: Maybe participation in a conference might encourage that.

o   Dibikxya: OSM is like every year program, so maybe what is it about

o   Action item :

§  Collaborate with the student body and student representative

§  Contact the Administrative body on what should be done (KU with the previous OSgeo)

§  Reshma mam (HOD is interested in collaboration)

§  Sushma will collaborate for OSgeo Nepal initial representative

§  Discuss on collaboration doc for GESAN and GES



·        Jitsi technical problems & other agenda

o   Will be discussed in next meeting

·        Women in Geospatial Nepal

o   Introduction by Sushma and Susmina

o   Action Items:

§  Database might be required

§  Suggestion to create a pilot solution



****

**Next month's facilitator** :

**Discussion & Questions:**

- Do we need github copilot? - Tek
