# OSGeo Nepal General Meeting - April 03, 2024

April 3, 2024

**Facilitator : Kshitiz Raj Sharma**

**Attendees : Approximate 13 peoples**

Agendas :



- Recap from previous meeting : **Update github io** —

- let’s start something from end of the march , Tek to finalize contract and template : contract has been finalized  , Pratikchya di to finalize booth on KU ,

- Kshitij and Addesh to finalize coding party ,

- Social media announcement by varun .

- Update github io with our plans  : Hem raj pandey

- Experience sheet banaune : Aadesh

- **Training and collaboration**  —  OSGeo official registration is approved https://www.loomio.com/p/IPsweZyh/motion-to-approve-local-chapter-in-nepal-with-kshitij-raj-sharma-as-representative



- Booth is missed out : Pratikschya di to reachout , summer school we don’t have much update , collaboration document is ready for NGESS . Pratikchya di to draft some idea about poster and ask for help  , Introduce osgeo and opensource in booth of KU , Representative from OSGeo , Rabina will represent from our side , Informal discussion from



**GEOM Booth update**

- Had a meeting in the first week of March with GES and GEOM lead to discuss Booth.

- Agreed to provide us with a booth for free so we will have to set up a booth for the second day of the event

- Agreed to provide a presentation on OSGeo Nepal on the first day of the event, so we will have to decide on a person who will be at the booth and also provide presentation. Rabina will be there to support you. Open data and OSGeo Nepal (Varun dai , Aadesh ) , Booth representative : Rabina

- They requested to host a hackathon that takes place a few days earlier. However, theme was not decided. They haven't yet provided any update about the theme. We need to decide if we would still be interested in hosting it.

- The date is not fixed but will be 2 days event and sometime in May.

- I created a sample idea on what should be there in poster assuming it as a poster presentation (however correct me if thats not the idea) and would need feedback from wg managers on current  ongoing work. @Kshitij will need your input on this.



- **Engineering working group :**  Osmlocalizer is getting people interested and we are in discussion for the funding requirement on the localizer , we will have more update in next couple of months , Aadesh is setting objectives and doing some modifications

- **Grants :**  Aadesh to volunteer on the grant reply for physical meetup  with Sovas

- **Communication :** Varun dai is not being able to take a lead , from next month varun dai will create a template . Post links from data access . Newsletter concept : Lets move the newsletter to the next meeting agenda . Tek to inform varun dai  for communication about NGESS . Varun to create sheet for priorities

- **Data access :** Form is in progress more to follow within upcoming weeks

- Focal point : Kshitij to communicate



- Hemant has updated the github.io.

- Contract finalized , need to decide venue , is in google docs , let’s put it in osgeo google drive the contract after full finalization. - Tek

- Coding party starting from this month again. Will share template by Kshitij (**this week)**

- Will tell them  to create basic template for social media posts for PSD - Photoshop Template - Varun **(This Week)**

- Bitwarden access need to give to aadesh  - Aadesh **(This Week by Kshitij)**

- https://www.loomio.com/p/IPsweZyh/motion-to-approve-local-chapter-in-nepal-with-kshitij-raj-sharma-as-representative  Got 8 out 10 voting for approval on this

- Positive response for booth - GES , NEPGEOM Hackathon wanted by them want help, haven’t got any response to pratikchya di mail, editor in chief have to look onto the mail - no further talk , **Event Date not fixed yet**

- Will support on hackathon to GES , NEPGEOM – focal person Rabina Poudyal

- KTM guys have to give some presentation in the Hackathon - ( Varun, Sovas, Sujan Adhikari, Aadesh, Rohit) probable person

- Booth for only one day Second day - Booth Person ( Rabina, Nishon Dai,  One More Person need )

- Pratikchya didi to finalize poster – **Funded by Rohit Gautam**

- Poster Update with designer guys and pratikchya di - **Varun Pradhan**

- Post in discord group to get feedback from everyone.

- Will apply on multiple places aswell and finalize remaining applications and apply - **Sovas**

- 30 people, venue : pokhara 5000 per head , 20000 venue , 1 lakh travel grant , 3 lakh total estimation, Aadesh 3000 $ contingencies budget.

- We can be NGES host for geoseries: Tek

- Field and Internship is going on in KU.

- Promote Shristi didi QGIS Training - Varun

- Wipfil no contact

- Will try to meet **Mapanauta (Miriam) - Rohit & Varun**





- Choose Note-taking volunteer for the meeting  : Varun dai

- Shristi didi is doing QGIS training , Promote on social media ?

- Wipfil visitied to Nepal, any update?





Action item :

- **Update github io** —

- **Training and collaboration**  —

- **Engineering working group —**

- Bitwarden access need to give to aadesh  - Aadesh **(This Week by Kshitij)**

- KTM guys have to give some presentation in the Hackathon - ( Varun, Sovas, Sujan Adhikari, Aadesh, Rohit) probable person on OSGEO and Open Data Topic ( Happening at KU, Dhulikhel ) 2 Day Event

- Promote Shristi didi QGIS Training - Varun



- **Grants**

- **Communication**

- **Data access**



- Training and Collaboration

- Geospatial Podcast? **NEXT MEETING AGENDA**

- Engineering

- Coding party resumes from this month

- Pre commit ci - contributor guidelines has been setup on draft and will be pushed

- Communication

- More Social Media Post Now

- Default Template for some of the recurring posts i.e. Monthly Meeting, Coding Party, etc.

- More Recognition Post for our volunteers in Facebook, LinkedIn

- Data access





Open Mic:



Events & Opportunity :

- Nepgeom : KU

- Free registration to EGU event for students: https://www.egu24.eu/attend/register.html

- State of the map Poland : https://stateofthemap.eu/

- Summer School : https://cligeos2024.conscor.com/

- Foss4g Brasil : https://www.osgeo.org/events/foss4g-2024-belem-brazil/

- Foss4g Europe is happening right now , Do checkout the resources : https://2024.europe.foss4g.org/

**Notes:**



- Meeting notes in github

- Make meeting minute to PR template , Start posting updates in github.io  : Kshitij , From next month let’s start with

Knowledge sharing session

- Duck DB : Knowledge sharing session

- LLM :  Rohit knowledge sharing session

- GeoAI : Tek



Next month facilitator : Sovas Tiwari

Note-taking volunteer :



**Discussion & Questions:**
